Improving Lives and Communities. Simplifying Healthcare. Expecting More.

To be the most innovative, valuable and inclusive partner.

Leadership
Community
Integrity
Agility
Diversity

At Anthem, we believe there is an important connection between the health and wellbeing of our consumers and the value that we bring to them. A unified and inclusive culture for our associates is essential to drive a business strategy that will help us meet the needs of those who depend on us.

Our vision, mission and values are clear, purposeful and bold—and they guide our associates’ encounters with one another, our consumers, and our business partners.

Anthem associates enjoy an energized workplace—an environment that supports excellence, creativity, and risk-taking; encourages transparency, fosters engagement and empathy; and emboldens associates to do the right thing.

In this time of evolution and expansion in the industry and for the company, Anthem is improving lives and communities and making healthcare simpler. Our associates reflect the diversity of the consumers and communities we serve. This creates an environment where our own experiences, perspectives and cultural insights are a source of innovation for creative health-benefit solutions to address the diverse needs of the whole person.

In the changing landscape of healthcare, one thing remains a constant—the consumer is at the center. At Anthem, we strive to ensure our associates focus on how we can best serve the consumer in everything we do.

Integrity is the foundation of everything we do at Anthem. It is fundamental to our mission of improving lives and communities and simplifying healthcare. We are committed to promoting a culture of trust and accountability while achieving Anthem’s strategic objectives. “Empowering Anthem to do the right thing” is ingrained in our culture, as evidenced by our continually exceeding benchmarking scores for integrity.

Ensure that our Ethics, Compliance and Privacy Plan aligns with our customers’ best interests, allowing us to engage with them actively and deliver breakthrough performance in an ethical manner.
Enable Anthem’s growth and mitigate risk to encourage innovation with the right talent.

Anthem’s commitment to inclusion and diversity makes us a stronger organization. Our culture is essential to attracting talent that understands and connects with our consumers. It creates spaces where different perspectives and experiences are valued; it lets us develop innovative thinking and unifies our associates behind our mission—to improve lives and communities and make healthcare simpler.

At Anthem we actively promote a healthy lifestyle, and that starts with our own associates. As a healthcare company, we know that helping our associates and their family members improve their wellbeing is a crucial part of who we are.

