Connect, Protect, Explore and Inspire the World through Aerospace Innovation

At Boeing, we are committed to a set of core values that not only define who we are, but also serve as guideposts to help us become the company we would like to be. And we aspire to live these values every day.

Integrity
We take the high road by practicing the highest ethical standards and honoring our commitments. We take personal responsibility for our own actions.
Quality
We strive for first-time quality and continuous improvement in all that we do to meet or exceed the standards of excellence stakeholders expect of us.
Safety
We value human life and well-being above all else and take action accordingly. We are personally accountable for our own safety and collectively responsible for the safety of our teammates and workplaces, our products and services, and the customers who depend on them. When it comes to safety, there are no competing priorities.
Diversity & Inclusion
We value the skills, strengths and perspectives of our diverse team. We foster a collaborative workplace that engages all employees in finding solutions for our customers that advance our common business objectives.
Trust & Respect
We act with integrity, consistency, and honesty in all that we do. We value a culture of openness and inclusion in which everyone is treated fairly and where everyone has an opportunity to contribute.
Corporate Citizenship
We are a responsible partner, neighbor and citizen to the diverse communities and customers we serve. We promote the health and wellbeing of Boeing people, their families and our communities. We protect the environment. We volunteer and financially support education and other worthy causes.
Stakeholder Success
By operating profitably and with integrity, we provide customers with best-value innovation and a competitive edge in their own markets; enable employees to work in a safe, ethical environment, with a highly attractive and competitive mix of pay and benefits, and the ability to further share in the company's success; reward investors with increasing shareholder value; conduct business lawfully and ethically with our suppliers; and help to strengthen communities around the world.
Boeing Behaviors

Lead with courage and passion
Make customer priorities our own
Invest in our team and empower each other
Win with speed, agility and scale
Collaborate with candor and honesty
Reach higher, embrace change and learn from failure
Deliver results with excellence – Live the Enduring Values