A Mission of Enabling Growth and Economic Progress

Citi's mission is to serve as a trusted partner to our clients by responsibly providing financial services that enable growth and economic progress. Our core activities are safeguarding assets, lending money, making payments and accessing the capital markets on behalf of our clients. We have 200 years of experience helping our clients meet the world's toughest challenges and embrace its greatest opportunities. We are Citi, the global bank – an institution connecting millions of people across hundreds of countries and cities.

We protect people's savings and help them make the purchases – from everyday transactions to buying a home – that improve the quality of their lives. We advise people on how to invest for future needs, such as their children's education and their own retirement, and help them buy securities such as stocks and bonds.

We work with companies to optimize their daily operations, whether they need working capital, to make payroll or export their goods overseas. By lending to companies large and small, we help them grow, creating jobs and real economic value at home and in communities around the world. We provide financing and support to governments at all levels, so they can build sustainable infrastructure, such as housing, transportation, schools and other vital public works.

These capabilities create an obligation to act responsibly, do everything possible to create the best outcomes, and prudently manage risk. If we fall short, we will take decisive action and learn from our experience.

We strive to earn and maintain the public's trust by constantly adhering to the highest ethical standards. We ask our colleagues to ensure that their decisions pass three tests: they are in our clients' interests, create economic value, and are always systemically responsible. When we do these things well, we make a positive financial and social impact in the communities we serve and show what a global bank can do.

Diversity at Citi
Research and experience both confirm that when a company embraces diversity, the most talented people are not just attracted to joining the company, but are also much more productive and motivated to stay. Maintaining a truly diverse environment has been proven to be a leading indicator of the quality of our culture in addition to being an effective way of connecting to an equally diverse client base.

At Citi, our employees reflect the remarkable range of cultures and perspectives of our clients across the more than 160 countries and jurisdictions where we do business – a powerful advantage that combines global insights with deep local knowledge. We recognize that unique individuals, collaborative teams and inclusive leaders have far-reaching impact and are the engines of new ideas. It’s our willingness to embrace the richness of our diverse teams, ideas and possibilities that drives our growth and progress.

Embracing diverse teams, ideas and possibilities helps us drive growth and progress because it’s a key part of who we are and how we thrive.