To continually provide our members with quality goods and services at the lowest possible prices. In order to achieve our mission, we will conduct our business with the following code of ethics in mind:

Obey the law
The law is irrefutable! Absent a moral imperative to challenge a law, we must conduct our business in total compliance with the laws of every community where we do business.

Take care of our members
Costco membership is open to business owners, as well as individuals. Our members are our reason for being – the key to our success. If we don’t keep our members happy, little else that we do will make a difference. There are plenty of shopping alternatives for our members, and if they fail to show up, we cannot survive. Our members have extended a trust to Costco by virtue of paying a fee to shop with us. We will succeed only if we do not violate the trust they have extended to us, and that trust extends to every area of our business.

Take care of our employees
Our employees are our most important asset. We believe we have the very best employees in the warehouse club industry, and we are committed to providing them with rewarding challenges and ample opportunities for personal and career growth. We pledge to provide our employees with:

Competitive wages
Great benefits
A safe and healthy work environment
Challenging and fun work
Career opportunities
An atmosphere free from harassment or discrimination
An Open Door Policy that allows access to ascending levels of management to resolve issues
Opportunities to give back to the community through volunteerism and fundraising
Today we have location managers and vice presidents who were once merchandise stockers and service assistants or who started in clerical positions for Costco. We believe that Costco’s future executive officers are currently working in our Warehouses, Depots and Buying Offices, as well as in our Home and Central Offices.

Respect our suppliers
Our suppliers are our partners in business, and for us to prosper as a company, they must prosper with us.

Reward our shareholders
If we follow the four principles of our Code of Ethics throughout our organization, then we will achieve our fifth principle and ultimate goal.

Commitment to quality. Costco warehouses carry about 4,000 SKUs (stock keeping units) compared to the 30,000 found at most supermarkets. By carefully choosing products based on quality, price, brand, and features, the company can offer the best value to members.
Entrepreneurial spirit. Throughout the decades, the entrepreneurial drive for excellence has continued to define Costco staff at every level. From its management team to the people on the warehouse floor, everyone is united in a common goal to exceed member expectations.
Employee focus. Costco is often noted for being much more employee-focused than other Fortune 500 companies. By offering fair wages and top-notch benefits, the company has created a workplace culture that attracts positive, high-energy, talented employees.