We are committed to enhancing the long-term value of the investment dollars entrusted to us by our shareholders. By running the business profitably and responsibly, we expect our shareholders to be rewarded with superior returns. This commitment drives the management of our Corporation.

Success depends on our ability to consistently satisfy ever-changing customer preferences. We commit to being innovative and responsive, while offering high-quality products and services at competitive prices.

The exceptional quality of our workforce provides a valuable competitive edge. To build on this advantage, we will strive to hire and retain the most qualified people available and to maximize their opportunities for success through training and development. We are committed to maintaining a safe work environment enriched by diversity and characterized by open communication, trust, and fair treatment.

We commit to being a good corporate citizen in all the places we operate worldwide. We will maintain high ethical standards, obey all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and respect local and national cultures. Above all other objectives, we are dedicated to running safe and environmentally responsible operations.

Exxon Mobil Corporation aspires to be at the leading edge of competition in every aspect of our business. That requires the Corporation's resources — financial, operational, technological, and human — to be employed wisely and evaluated regularly.

While we maintain flexibility to adapt to changing conditions, the nature of our business requires a focused, long-term approach. We will consistently strive to improve efficiency and productivity through learning, sharing, and implementing best practices. We will be disciplined and selective in evaluating the range of capital investment opportunities available to us. We will seek to develop proprietary technologies that provide a competitive edge.

We aspire to achieve our goals by flawlessly executing our business plans and by adhering to these guiding principles and the foundation policies that follow.