We Value and Respect Others
We recognize and value every individual’s unique skills and perspectives. We
demonstrate good corporate citizenship and treat each other with dignity and respect.
We foster a workplace free of discrimination, harassment, and retaliation. We extend
our respect for individuals and their contributions to all our business relationships —
with employees, shareholders, contractors, vendors, and customers.

We Foster a Productive, Healthy,
and Safe Workplace
At Fannie Mae, we are committed to providing a productive, healthy, and safe workplace.
We know and comply with our policies, standards, and procedures to support our efforts
related to health and safety. We design and maintain facilities to protect our employees,
contractors, visitors, and physical resources, and we maintain a workplace that is free
from the effects of drug and alcohol abuse. We strive to protect our environment by
working to maximize the efficiency of the energy and resources we use.

We Are Honest and Trustworthy
We treat one another, our shareholders, customers, vendors, and regulators respectfully and in a
straightforward manner. We protect the integrity of Fannie Mae’s transactions and ensure that all corporate
records are accurate and complete. We are committed to exemplary financial and regulatory reporting. We
support the company’s commitment to make disclosures to the public that contain full, fair, accurate, timely,
and understandable communications. We cooperate with internal and external auditors and regulators.

We Obey the Law
At Fannie Mae, we obey the letter and spirit of all laws and regulations in every area in
which we do business. We conduct our interactions with the government according to
the highest ethical standards.

We Protect Fannie Mae’s Corporate Assets
We are careful stewards of Fannie Mae’s corporate assets. We have a responsibility to protect these assets
from loss, damage, misuse, and theft. We can be counted on to safeguard both Fannie Mae’s physical assets
and its intangible assets, such as its confidential information, intellectual property, name, and reputation. We
also respect the property and privacy of others.

We Avoid Conflicts of Interest
We make business decisions based on the best interests of Fannie Mae. We look at our decisions from the
perspective of others — our investors, our customers, and the communities we serve — to ensure that our
actions are in line with our vision and values. While we strive to lead the market and serve our partners, we
seek to avoid any conflict or the appearance of a conflict between Fannie Mae’s business interests and our
personal interests or those of our family members.

As People Managers, We Set the Standard
People managers have an especially important leadership role when it comes to compliance and ethics.
People managers can be counted on to lead by example and set the tone through their words and deeds.

We Follow Our Code and Policies
Our Code and our policies, standards, and procedures are critical components of our
commitment to making Fannie Mae a better place to work. Under Our Code, we commit
to being accountable for maintaining the highest standards of compliance and ethics.

We Raise Compliance and
Ethics Concerns
At Fannie Mae, discussion and disclosure of issues is a responsibility shared by all of
us. We step up to address difficult issues and promptly raise compliance and ethics
questions and concerns that come to our attention.