Quality
There's a strong commitment at Intel to quality and continuous improvement. This commitment extends to all levels of the company. We strive to achieve the highest standards of excellence; do the right things right; continuously learn, develop, and improve; and take pride in our work.

Risk Taking
Risk taking recognizes that some failures are unavoidable. Some experiments will generate favorable outcomes, while others will lead to disappointment. But even the disappointments can be turned into gains. We strive to embrace a growth mindset in everything we do, foster innovation and creative thinking, embrace change and challenge the status quo, listen to all ideas and viewpoints, learn from our successes and mistakes, and encourage and reward informed risk taking.

An Inclusive, Great Place to Work
At Intel, we believe a productive and challenging work environment is vital to our success. This requires an open, candid, and respectful approach to working with one another. Building trust and maintaining dignity are critical in our very diverse global workforce and environment. Ultimately, we want every employee to look forward to coming to work each day.

We strive to create an inclusive work environment that fosters diversity; treat one another equally, with dignity and respect; be open and direct; promote a challenging work environment that develops our workforce; work as a team with respect and trust for each other; win and have fun; recognize and reward accomplishments; manage performance fairly and firmly; and be an asset to our communities worldwide.

Discipline
Our employees pride themselves on their ability to make and meet commitments, a quality we're able to attain by clearly communicating our intentions and expectations. We strive to conduct business with uncompromising integrity and professionalism; ensure a safe, clean, and injury-free workplace; make and meet commitments; properly plan, fund, and staff projects; pay attention to detail; and keep Intel information secure.

"Discipline is all about planning. A lot of people think that it's presentation skills, but it's really preparation skills."

Customer Orientation
Intel's concept of customer orientation goes beyond conducting business in the marketplace. It's absolutely crucial that we listen and respond to our team members within Intel in a cooperative and supportive manner. We listen and respond to our customers, suppliers, and stakeholders; clearly communicate mutual intentions and expectations; deliver innovative and competitive products and services; make it easy to work with us; and excel at customer satisfaction. 

Results Orientation
We strive to set challenging and competitive goals, focus on output, assume responsibility, and execute flawlessly. To help drive that process, we encourage each other to assume responsibility and to confront and solve the inevitable problems that arise along the way. Our well-known practice of constructive confrontation has served us well in recognizing issues early and dealing with them quickly and efficiently in a problem-solving mode.

A chance to work at the leading edge of technology
You know that we are a silicon technology company, but you may not know about the breadth of our innovation. We are expanding the boundaries in Data Centers, AI, Automated Vehicles, Memory, Software and much, much more. We want you to dream big and help us take on some of the biggest technical challenges in the industry.

Investment in your development
When your career grows, we grow as a company. That's why we give you the opportunities to try new things, work on different projects or even work in different countries. At Intel, we are always learning, and with that learning comes amazing experiences.

Deep meaning and purpose
We strive to be a company that you can be proud of. Our materials are sourced from conflict free zones, we invest heavily in green energy and our teams are producing medical and infrastructure technologies that are saving lives all over the world.

A diverse workplace with diverse ideas
We believe that true innovation can only happen when diverse voices can all be part of the conversation. Here, you'll be part of an international community filled with unique voices and perspectives from all backgrounds, all contributing their ideas and experiences to pushing the boundaries of technology. 

World class perks and benefits
Ours is a culture that encourages our employees to both live and work at their best. Bonuses, generous time off, paid sabbaticals, stock options and perks such as on-site fitness centers, private transportation and continuing learning opportunities culminate in a workplace where we can thrive together.
