Lowe’s Vision: We will provide customer-valued solutions with the best prices,
products and services to make Lowe’s the first choice for home improvement.
At Lowe’s, we take great pride in a culture built on more than
60 years of exceptional customer service. While we have
grown from a small-town hardware store to a FORTUNE®
50 company, the commitment to our customers has not
changed since our founding in 1946. As Lowe’s continues
to enter new markets, we are working harder than ever to
preserve and enhance our customer-focused culture.
It is a culture shaped by more than 234,000 men and
women who work for Lowe’s. They are the foundation that
unites us and drives our success, providing the competitive
advantage that sets Lowe’s apart from other retailers. At
the same time, our employees’ commitment to our vision
and values — customer-focused, ownership, respect,
teamwork, passion for execution and integrity — is what
connects them with generations of Lowe’s employees.
We are dedicated to clearly communicating our vision and
values to ensure employees consistently maintain high
standards and exceed customers’ expectations in more
than 1,750 Lowe’s stores in the United States, Canada and
Mexico. Employees who embody Lowe’s Vision and Values
are regularly featured in internal communications, and our
top regional and divisional customer-focused stores are
honored each year.
We are able to do what’s right for our customers and our
communities by doing what’s right for our employees. In
our workplaces, we strive to treat employees with respect
and support, while maintaining a safe work environment,
comprehensive benefits and opportunities for career
development and community engagement.

Lowe’s values our reputation for maintaining high ethical standards in
our workplaces and around the world where we do business. Integrity,
one of our core values, is demonstrated every day through interaction
with customers, fellow employees, vendors, shareholders and nonprofit
organizations, like the American Red Cross and Habitat for Humanity®.
Every employee, while acting on behalf of the company, must comply
with all applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations, and should
avoid engaging in any conduct that, even though legally permissible, is
inconsistent with the ethical principles to which Lowe’s subscribes.
Our expectations are contained in the Lowe’s Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics, which confirms our
commitment to maintaining an environment in which
all of our employees work together with respect. Every
new employee is asked to read, review and understand
the Code of Conduct, which is available to them on our
intranet site and to the general public on Lowes.com.
Lowe’s also offers a companywide ethics course online
to give employees the information they need to use the
Code of Conduct as a guide to conducting business. The
course also educates employees about the specifics of
Lowe’s reporting procedures and compliance resources.
Additionally, each year employees are asked to certify their
compliance with the Code of Conduct by reviewing the
code and responding to an online certification request. This
certification allows employees to disclose any work-related
situations in the event they feel unsure of their compliance
with the Code of Conduct.
At Lowe’s, we encourage honest communication and support our employees by providing multiple channels
through which they can seek answers to work-related questions or report illegal and / or unethical conduct without
fear of retribution. Lowe’s Open Door program provides employees access to managers, starting with their direct
supervisor. Employees who become aware of conduct that potentially violates the Code of Conduct can call
Lowe’s confidential 24-hour Open Door hotline.