At McKesson, the way we do business is just as important as the business itself. Our employees all understand the responsibility we bear as we work together toward our common goal: to advance the health care system for better health for all.

That’s why we look toward our ICARE shared principles as a unifying set of values to guide us in our mission. Our company-wide values are the foundation of McKesson’s reputation as a trusted organization that goes the extra mile to advance our customers’ success.

Integrity
McKesson employees make decisions, both big and small, with a focus on what is ethically right. Above all, we are committed to the greater good—for our company, our customers and the health care industry.

Customer-First
Our commitment to our customers sets us apart. We hear time and again from our customers that they choose McKesson for our follow-through and customer-focused service. Our customers are at the center of everything we do, and our success comes from their success. They benefit from McKesson’s customized approach to their business and our ability to help them stay ahead of the changing health care landscape.

Accountability
We make personal commitments—to our customers, vendors, our colleagues. We hold ourselves accountable for keeping those promises. We take individual responsibility for the decisions we make to get results for our customers. We build trust with our customers by delivering on our promises. We all own accountability for McKesson.

Respect
Our people treat each other, our customers and our vendors with dignity, consideration, open-mindedness and respect. By valuing diverse styles and skills, recognizing each individual’s contribution, and staying open to each other’s perspectives, McKesson cultivates an environment of innovation and collaboration—which pays off in the way we solve problems for our customers.

Excellence
Our journey to excellence never ends—we always aim higher for our customers and partners. We take action with success in mind and focus on results, constantly finding new ways to innovate and improve, and we rigorously measure our progress. When customers choose McKesson, they’re choosing an industry leader who will work tirelessly to achieve excellence in quality, safety and efficiency—for the better health of our customers and the entire health care industry.