Caring for and respecting customers is core to everything we do. It defines our work and shapes the culture for our people, radiating out to our shareholders and communities.

The financial security that MetLife offers enables people to achieve more of what they want. Our work makes a real difference in people’s lives – and uniting behind our values allows us to better fulfill our promises and helps us navigate life together.

Our values provide employees and distribution partners with a shared foundation for day-to-day decision making and guide us as ONE MetLife.

Put Customers First

Caring for and respecting customers is core to everything we do. Our customer focus defines our work, shapes our culture and radiates out to our shareholders and communities.

Be the Best

We are relentless in our search for new and better ways of doing things. As a leader in our industry, we constantly raise the bar, take calculated risks and learn quickly from our mistakes.

Make Things Easier

Products in our industry aren’t always easy to understand. That’s why we are always looking for simpler ways to connect our customers to the best solutions. By doing this, we aim to exceed their expectations and build trust.

Succeed Together

United by our purpose, we live by a collective commitment to honesty, integrity and diversity. We are open and inclusive, proudly seeking and applying the best ideas from every part of our company.

Diversity & Inclusion
Our success as a company begins with our employees and partners. That’s why we strive to develop a workplace and culture where they are engaged, motivated, and inspired. We work to help our employees and partners grow and thrive through our culture of wellness, diversity, and inclusion. 

At MetLife, we have policies, processes and practices in place so the best talent, no matter their gender identification, their ethnic background or sexual orientation, want to join us and contribute to the success of this company.

Fresh perspectives. Strategic thinking. Innovative Problem-solving. Diverse competencies.

We’re building a stronger and more agile company that can thrive in a variety of environments. We are transforming MetLife and embracing new opportunities that build on our expertise in asset management, employee benefits and financial protection. We are investing in innovation, partnering with startups, digitizing our business and equipping ourselves to compete in a changing world. At MetLife, we are working hard to build a more protected world.