CREATE MORE SMILES WITH EVERY SIP AND EVERY BITE

PEPSICO IS FOCUSED ON UNLEASHING OUR COMPANY’S FULL POTENTIAL BY PIVOTING TOWARD SUSTAINABLE ACCELERATED GROWTH AND EMBRACING A NEW MISSION AND VISION FOR PEPSICO’S SUCCESS IN WHAT WE CALL WINNING WITH PURPOSE

FOR OUR CONSUMERS:
By creating joyful moments through our delicious and nourishing products and unique brand experiences.

FOR OUR CUSTOMERS:
By being the best possible partner, driving game-changing innovation, and delivering a level of growth unmatched in our industry.

FOR OUR ASSOCIATES AND OUR COMMUNITIES:
By creating meaningful opportunities to work, gain new skills and build successful careers, and a diverse and inclusive workplace.

FOR OUR PLANET:
By conserving nature’s precious resources and fostering a more sustainable planet for our children and grandchildren.

FOR OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
By delivering sustainable top-tier TSR and embracing best-in-class corporate governance.

BE THE GLOBAL LEADER IN CONVENIENT FOODS AND BEVERAGES BY WINNING WITH PURPOSE
 

This reflects our ambition to win sustainably in the marketplace and accelerate our top line growth, whilst keeping our commitment to do good for the planet and our communities. It builds on decades of progress we’ve made since PepsiCo was founded in 1965, while setting a firm foundation for a new era of growth and prosperity. To help us achieve this vision, we’ve defined a new set of aspirations: to become Faster, Stronger, and Better.

Winning in the marketplace, being more consumer-centric and accelerating investment for topline growth.

Broaden our portfolios to win locally in convenient foods and beverages
Fortify our North American businesses
Accelerate international expansion, with disciplined focus on 'right-to-win' markets

Transforming our capabilities, cost and culture by operating as one PepsiCo, leveraging technology, winning locally and globally enabled.

Drive savings through holistic cost management to reinvest to win in the marketplace
Develop and scale core capabilities globally through technology
Build differentiated talent and culture

more for the planet and for our people.

Leveraging our scale, reach and expertise across the areas where it can have the greatest impact – Agriculture, Water, Packaging, Products, Climate and People – to help build a more sustainable food system.

At PepsiCo, we recognize that supporting diversity and engagement is not only the right thing to do, it is the right thing to do for our business. This commitment is woven into our values and our guiding philosophy of Winning with Purpose vision, which recognizes that our company is strongest when we are a company of opportunity that embraces the full spectrum of humanity. That means both building a more diverse, more inclusive workplace, and promoting what we call courageous engagement in our company and the communities we serve.

PepsiCo has a strong legacy of leading in diversity practices, starting in the 1940s as a pioneer in hiring African American salespeople, in the 50s as among the first major companies to have a woman on our Board, and into the 80s as a vanguard of multicultural marketing. Together, with their different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds, our people are building on this legacy and creating our future across the more than 200 countries and territories in which we operate. Since 2016, we have made external commitments around gender parity, pay equity, and prosperity for all our communities, and each year we continue to celebrate our champions of diversity and inclusion with the Harvey C. Russell and Steve Reinemund Awards.

PepsiCo leverages diversity and engagement as a competitive business advantage that fuels innovation, strengthens our reputation, and fosters engagement with employees and members of the communities in which we do business. We strive to improve the attraction, retention, and advancement of global and diverse talent to ensure we sustain a high-calibur pipeline, and have set a target to reach gender parity in management roles by 2025.

To guide us on this journey, PepsiCo is an endorser of the United Nations Women’s Empowerment Principles–Equality Means Business. The Principles offer insight to companies with regard to empowering women in the workplace, marketplace and community.

We are also proud to be part of Catalyst, CEO Champions for Change. This group includes more than 50 high-profile CEOs publicly pledging to advance more women and women of color into senior leadership positions and onto their boards. 

At PepsiCo, we encourage our associates to courageously engage and drive change. Whether that’s standing up and speaking out, sharing opinions or experiences, or creating an environment conducive to dialogue.

Our associates are invited to participate in employee resource groups (ERGs) to help drive a culture of diversity, inclusion and engagement. We support their collective efforts by telling their stories, including events such as the celebration of International Women’s Day by our Women’s Inclusion Network, events around Pride Month led by EQUAL, our group for LGBT+ employees and allies, to the inspiring work of MOSAIC, our ERG for Black associates, through celebrating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day and Black History Month events in the U.S.

We have also taken the CEO action pledge, which is supporting a more inclusive workplace for employees, communities, and society at large.

PepsiCo is partnering with the PepsiCo Foundation to support environmental, educational and nutritional initiatives to spur prosperity in communities near where our employees live and work. Our efforts include working to invest USD 100MM in initiatives that will benefit at least 12.5MM women and girls around the world by 2025, with a focus on helping 1.5MM young women progress through school and be successful in the workforce.

An important focus of the Foundation's work is providing skills training and support services that allow women and girls to be able to increase their earnings potential, which benefits not just women but also their families and local communities. We are particularly focused on initiatives that support women in agriculture, including our groundbreaking effort to close the Crop Gap by helping women farmers gain access to the same resources as men. Read more about Closing the Crop Gap here.
