For more than 140 years, Prudential Financial has helped individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth. We are known for delivering on our promises to our customers, and are recognized as a trusted brand and one of the world’s most admired companies.

To help our customers achieve financial prosperity and peace of mind.
 
To distinguish Prudential as an admired multinational financial services leader, trusted partner, and provider of innovative solutions for growing and protecting wealth.


How we conduct our business is just as important as what we do. Our core values are the principles that guide us daily in helping our customers achieve financial prosperity and peace of mind. At all times, we strive to distinguish Prudential as an admired multinational financial services leader and trusted brand that is differentiated by top talent and innovative solutions for all stages of life.
 
Worthy of Trust: We keep our promises and are committed to doing business the right way.

Customer Focused: We provide quality products and services that meet our customers' needs.

Respect for Each Other: We are inclusive and collaborative, and individuals with diverse backgrounds and talents can contribute and grow.

Winning with Integrity: We are passionate about becoming the unrivaled industry leader by achieving superior results for our customers, shareholders, and communities.

Serving customers, employees and communities in a highly ethical way
We measure our long-term success on our ability to deliver value for shareholders, meet customer needs, attract and develop the best talent in our industry, offer an inclusive work environment where employees can develop to their full potential and give back to the communities where we live and work. We are committed to keeping our promises and doing business the right way.

Leadership at Prudential
Prudential’s Executive Officers manage the company's drivers of success: a strategic mix of high-quality businesses, appropriate risk management, effective capital deployment and profitable long-term growth. Its Board of Directors is dedicated to independent and effective corporate governance, while also positioning Prudential as a leader in corporate responsibility, accountability and transparency. Integral to enhancing shareholder value, the Executive Officers and Board of Directors work together to promote robust talent management and support Prudential's culture of collaboration, diversity and inclusion.

Helping people and businesses worldwide with their insurance and financial needs
With operations in the United States, Asia, Europe and Latin America, we provide customers with a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds and investment management. We strive to create long-term value for our stakeholders through strong business fundamentals, consistent with our mission guided by our vision and directed by our company's core values.

Solving Challenges Together
Prudential has helped millions of people and thousands of companies take on their biggest financial challenges and is one of the most successful, stable companies in the world.

We have built a culture that fosters an entrepreneurial spirit, empowers individual leadership, encourages close collaboration and provides opportunities for long-term career growth.

If you have outstanding skills, fresh insights and the desire to make a difference for yourself and for others, Prudential offers extraordinary opportunities to grow as a professional and elevate your career.

Prudential may be a very large organization, but that doesn’t mean employees get lost in the mix. In fact, it’s quite the opposite. From day one, every single member’s opinion is valued. It’s a quality that has created a strong family-like connection among co-workers. And though the company has been around for well over a century, it’s quite progressive. Prudential is always evolving to stay ahead of industry trends.

When you join Prudential, you become part of a community that is driven to lead the industry by harnessing the collective skills and experience of our diverse talent. We are relentlessly focused on pushing to the next level in the work we do and in how we identify, develop and inspire leadership in ourselves and in each other.

At Prudential, you will find that leaders at every level support our employees through challenging work and focusing on their professional growth. You will take on assignments to stretch and elevate your skills, pursue training designed to develop your own leadership and discover opportunities to advance your career within and across business disciplines.

We have built our success by empowering our employees to pursue bold, new ideas that help to create a better financial future for our clients. That spirit is needed more today than ever. Our accelerated development programs give new hires the chance to apply their developing skills to challenges in a variety of business units—all under the Prudential umbrella. We're serious about letting our employees learn how to take charge, and we're invested in their success.

Our workforce reflects Prudential’s deep and longstanding commitment to diversity and inclusion. At Prudential, we value the unique perspectives and experiences of every individual, as we work hard to maintain our reputation as a welcoming and rewarding place to work for people of all identities and backgrounds.

We strongly believe that we have a responsibility to provide our employees and their families with a competitive compensation and benefits package that delivers the flexibility and security that Prudential is known for around the world. These are just some highlights of our Total Rewards package.