To help all families discover the joy of everyday life.
That’s our purpose. Our mission. The promise of surprises, fun, ease and inspiration at every turn, no matter when, where or how you shop.

That quest to bring joy is at the center of every business decision we make. It gets our teams excited to come to work each day. And we bring it to life in so many ways.

Behaving ethically and with integrity is essential to maintaining our reputation as a great place to work, as a preferred shopping destination and as a responsible corporate citizen. We consistently set high expectations for everything we do, and we’re proud to be recognized as one of the most respected and responsible companies in the world.

working toward a more equal society
We believe diversity and inclusivity make teams and Target better. And we'll live that belief as champions of a more inclusive society by creating a diverse and inclusive work environment, cultivating an inclusive guest experience, and fostering equality in society.

our culture
We celebrate our successes and look forward to new opportunities. Teamwork is key to meeting challenges and having fun at the same time.

friendly, fun and collaborative
As America's second-largest retailer, we stay ahead in today's ultra-competitive retail market by challenging ourselves to become more efficient and more intelligent, providing guests with the best shopping experience possible. The pace is fast, the atmosphere is fun and the people are friendly. Every team member is encouraged to innovate, contribute ideas and discover solutions as an important part of a world-class team.

endless opportunities
A rewarding career begins in a rewarding workplace, and at Target there are always endless opportunities for professional growth. Team members are empowered and encouraged to innovate, and are valued as an integral part of a world-class team. Goals are clear, challenging and designed to develop knowledgeable, imaginative leaders dedicated to helping all of us succeed.