UnitedHealth Group is a mission-driven enterprise supported by our core values of integrity, compassion, innovation, relationships and performance.
Our mission is to help people live healthier lives and to help make the health system work better for everyone.
Integrity
Honor commitments. Never compromise ethics.
We believe:
We must be an enterprise that represents the highest level of personal and institutional integrity. With integrity, people and institutions will want to work with us, and our core purpose will not be compromised.

We value integrity:
We will honor commitments. We will never compromise ethics. We will be known for living to the highest forms and standards of ethical behavior. We will make honest commitments and consistently honor those commitments.

We behave:
We will speak the truth. We will deliver on our promises. We will have the courage to acknowledge mistakes and do whatever is needed to address them.

Compassion
Walk in the shoes of people we serve and those with whom we work.
We believe:
In order to achieve the full potential of our enterprise in its purpose to help people live healthier lives, we must fully understand and align with their needs and realities.

We value compassion:
We will walk in the shoes of people we serve and those with whom we work. We celebrate our role in serving people and society in an area so vitally human as their health. We must be truly compassionate and genuinely understand, feel and identify with their needs.

We behave:
We will actively listen to fully understand and genuinely empathize with people’s realities. We will then respond in service and advocacy for each individual, each group or community, and for society as a whole.

Relationships
Build trust through collaboration.
We believe:
In order to achieve the full potential of our enterprise in our efforts to help people by making health care work for everyone, we understand and believe that we can never achieve that goal alone. We must positively engage the efforts and interests of everyone who is touched by and can contribute to that effort.

We value relationships:
We will build trust through collaboration in order to take action and find solutions. We understand that relationships are critical to help people work together, even when their interests are not fully aligned or fulfilled. We realize relationships bind people and organizations through trust. Trust is earned and preserved through truthfulness, integrity, active engagement and collaboration with our colleagues and clients.

We behave:
We will approach all people with respect, humility, confidence and energy. We will confront issues, not people. When we have differences, we will confront them in a direct way, not passively, to resolve the issues that drive those differences. We will actively engage with people and institutions to share information, ideas and resources in order to help others achieve their goals. We will encourage the variety of thoughts and perspectives that reflect the diversity of our markets, customers and workforce.

Innovation
Invent the future, learn from the past.
We believe:
Our fundamental role is to make health care work for everyone. The health care environment must be engaged in constant change, yet embody a positive dynamic – it must change progressively. In turn, we must be thoughtful advocates of such change. We must value and be proficient at adapting to change as we pursue a course of continuous, positive and practical innovation as a core competency within our enterprise.

We value innovation:
We will learn from experiences of the past and use those insights to invent a better future to make the health care environment work and serve everyone more fairly, productively and consistently.

We behave:
We will continue to respectfully challenge the status quo. We will encourage and invest in new ideas. We will be curious and not afraid to fail in honest efforts to focus on practical and purposeful innovation that builds

Performance
Demonstrate excellence in everything we do.
We believe:
The challenges of health care are great. Yet they are matched only by the opportunities. Our mission to help people live healthier lives and help make the health system work better for everyone can only be met by a demonstrated commitment to and achievement of performance excellence in everything we do.
We value performance:
We are committed to deliver and demonstrate excellence in everything we do.

We behave:
We will be accountable and responsible for consistently delivering high quality and superior results that make a difference. We will challenge ourselves to strive for even better outcomes in all key performance areas.