Walmart aims to provide safe, affordable food and other products
to people around the world. Doing so in a way that enhances
economic opportunity, environmental and social sustainability,
and local communities creates value for our business and for society.
The business of better
Culture is the foundation of everything we do at Walmart. We define culture as our values in action. It’s how we deliver superior customer service, create a great front-line work environment and improve performance in order to achieve our common purpose of saving people money so they can live better.
Guided by good
Service to the customer
Respect for the individual
Strive for excellence
Act with integrity
Make every day easier for busy families
Change how we work
Operate with discipline
Be the most trusted retailer
All walks moving as one
At Walmart, we believe we are best equipped to help our associates, customers and the communities we serve live better when we really know them. That means understanding, respecting and valuing diversity—unique styles, experiences, identities, ideas and opinions—while being inclusive of all people.
Bring your whole self to work
Inclusion is the key to growing our business. By fostering a workplace culture where everyone is—and feels—included, everyone wins.
That’s the essence of our mission — to create an inclusive culture where all associates work together to deliver on our shared purpose.
Help on a massive scale
As the world's largest retailer, we serve communities across the globe and employ millions, but the work we do extends beyond the physical walls of our stores.
Sustainability
Contributing to a better tomorrow
Our actions have the potential to save our customers money, help ensure a better world and set the stage for a more financially stable and responsible Walmart.
Community outreach
Making a difference
Helping people live better is about improving the communities in which they live. That's why we've developed programs to meet specific philanthropic needs.
Made in America
At Walmart & Sam's Club, we believe in making a difference on the issues our customers and communities care about. We believe we can create more American jobs by supporting more American manufacturing.